GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL), Version 3.0

Copyright 2020 Carnegie Mellon University, Battelle Memorial Institute, and
Authors. All Rights Reserved.

BSD (SEI)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Products derived from this software may not include “Carnegie Mellon
University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" in the name of
such derived product, nor shall “Carnegie Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or
“Software Engineering Institute" be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For written
permission, please contact permission@sei.cmu.edu.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL), Version 3.0 includes and/or can make use
of certain third party software ("Third Party Software"). The Third Party
Software that is used by GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL), Version 3.0 is
dependent upon your system configuration, but typically includes the software
identified below. By using GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL), Version 3.0,
You agree to comply with any and all relevant Third Party Software terms and
conditions contained in any such Third Party Software or separate license
file distributed with such Third Party Software. The parties who own the
Third Party Software ("Third Party Licensors") are intended third party
beneficiaries to this License with respect to the terms applicable to their
Third Party Software. Third Party Software licenses only apply to the Third
Party Software and not any other portion of GraphBLAS Template Library
(GBTL), Version 3.0 or GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL), Version 3.0 as a
whole.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

This material is based upon work funded and supported by the United States
Department of Defense under Contract No. FA8702-15-D-0002 with Carnegie
Mellon University for the operation of the Software Engineering Institute, a
federally funded research and development center and by the United States
Department of Energy under Contract DE-AC05-76RL01830 with Battelle Memorial
Institute for the Operation of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.

THIS MATERIAL WAS PREPARED AS AN ACCOUNT OF WORK SPONSORED BY AN AGENCY OF
THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.  NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT NOR THE
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, NOR THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE, NOR CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY, NOR BATTELLE, NOR ANY OF THEIR
EMPLOYEES, NOR ANY JURISDICTION OR ORGANIZATION THAT HAS COOPERATED IN THE
DEVELOPMENT OF THESE MATERIALS, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
ASSUMES ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS,
OR USEFULNESS OR ANY INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, SOFTWARE, OR PROCESS
DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED
RIGHTS.

Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by
trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily
constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the
United States Government or any agency thereof, or Carnegie Mellon
University, or Battelle Memorial Institute. The views and opinions of authors
expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United
States Government or any agency thereof.

Please see “AUTHORS” file for a list of known contributors.

[DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A] This material has been approved for public release
and unlimited distribution.  Please see Copyright notice for non-US
Government use and distribution.

This Software includes and/or makes use of the following Third-Party Software
subject to its own license:

1. Boost Unit Test Framework
(https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_45_0/libs/test/doc/html/utf.html)
Copyright 2001 Boost software license, Gennadiy Rozental.
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must
be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all
derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are
solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source
language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

This release is an update of:

1. GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL)
(https://github.com/cmu-sei/gbtl/blob/1.0.0/LICENSE) Copyright 2015 Carnegie
Mellon University and The Trustees of Indiana. DM17-0037, DM-0002659

2. GraphBLAS Template Library (GBTL)
(https://github.com/cmu-sei/gbtl/blob/2.0.0/LICENSE) Copyright 2018 Carnegie
Mellon University, Battelle Memorial Institute, and Authors. DM18-0559

DM20-0442
